That is correct.
As Balancer of the three worlds,
consisting of the Soul Society,
the World of the
Living, and Hueco Mundo,
I've come to propose
a non-aggression pact
between the Soul Society
and the Licht Reich.
Let us Soul Reapers
worry about the world
while you sit back and enjoy
the increasing prosperity
of your empire.
It goes without saying
that we will not interfere
with the unification of the
Quincies by the Licht Reich.
I don't see how you can refuse.
It's a win-win for everyone.
It's a deception.
Hmm?
Don't speak to me as if I
were some ignorant child.
Oh dear, that was certainly
never my intention.
But there are many things
of which you are ignorant.
Then let me ask you this,
when the world as
we know it was one,
who was it that set boundaries
on its formerly limitless
and eternal peace
by separating life from death?
The Soul King, of course.
[Yhwach] And who was it that
brought the fear of death
to the people?
That would also
be the Soul King.
I know all too well
the cries of anguish
of the tortured souls
that have returned to me.
I know too well
the vindictiveness
of those people who fear death
and cling to their
fleeting lives.
And this, this is
really the only answer
you have to offer
me, Ichibe Hyosube?
Don't go throwing that
name around so lightly.
Where in these three worlds
can one find true peace?
-I can see it all.
-I'll show it to you.
(gun shots)
(dramatic music)
So that's
the Soul King.
You see, you were
indeed ignorant.
It is we, together
with the Soul King
that maintain the stability
of this fragile world.
How pitiful that is,
and how...
detestable!
I told you I can see
it all, Ichibe Hyosube!
Do you really think you
can kill me with that hand?
What my father sacrificed
to give his child life
can never be the means
of taking that life away.
Those eyes of yours
are troublesome.
However, they will
never be strong enough
to see through the
ways of the Soul King.
Did you really think
I would let you have the
Soul King's arm for free?
Your eyes will be
closed forever,
never to open 'til
the day you die.
Live and be humble.
[Yhwach] I'm glad that
I lost those eyes.
It means that I no longer
have to see your humiliation.
To see my father,
the Soul King reduced to
a hideous lump of flesh
for fools to worship.
But I will give you a new
and worthier purpose, Father.
You will disappear
and take this wretched
world with you.
You will become the grave
of the three worlds.
Here we are,
so this is the Royal Palace.
Believe me, I can feel
your pain, Majesty.
What are you talking
about, Haschwalth?
Looking out over this
decaying graveyard,
I don't feel the
slightest shred of emotion.
My apologies.
Let us begin.
We will bring an end to
this world full of deceit,
and create a new world of
true and everlasting peace
with our very own hands.
(wind howling)
("STARS" by w.o.d.)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d.)
-(singing in Japanese)
(Kisuke exclaims)
Stop!
Hold it right there!
How dare you even
think of heading out
for the Royal Palace
without waiting for me,
the great Ganju Shiba,
the universally
acknowledged expert
on anything to do
with the Royal Palace?
Ganju, what are you doing here?
Silly question.
Who do you think it was that
launched Squad Zero's Tenchuren
in the first place, huh?
Your older sister.
That's right.
So it wasn't you, was it?
It wasn't me, that's
exactly right.
I think we're going
around in circles.
So why are you here again?
To go and help beat
those damn Quincies
into smithereens, of course.
I even brought this map
showing you how to get
to the Royal Palace, see?
I got it from Sis.
You'll never even find
the place without it.
Are you sure about this?
Ganju, what we're heading into
isn't gonna be like any
battle we've been in before.
You think I don't
know that, you idiot?
That's exactly why I'm
coming with you guys.
(Chad scoffs)
(Orihime chuckles)
Is that right?
(chuckles)
Okay, here goes.
And three, two, one.
(rocket rumbling)
[Ichigo] Is it supposed
to fly like this?
(dramatic music)
Well, that was
one ugly lift off.
It couldn't have been
calibrated any worse.
[Senjumaru] It's been
a long time, Yhwach.
So now you have the effrontery
to enter the Royal
Palace uninvited?
I see that defeating Genryusai
has gone to your head.
Go Soldat!
-The Soul King's Blade.
-(dramatic music)
(choir singing)
Such insolence.
For this, you will rust
on the Soul King's Blade.
You're worse than
insolent, you're rude.
My Schrift is W, I am
Nianzol Weizol, The Wind,
any enemy that I find, I can
wind, bend, warp, and twist
until they're incapable
of touching me.
[Senjumaru] Oh, I see.
Any enemy you find, you say?
Impressive.
But what about enemies
you're unable to detect?
I should explain.
I don't need to see
them to detect them.
I can find my enemies
through sheer instinct,
no matter they attack me from.
Sorry, I should have
been clearer about that.
I get told all the time
that I have a bad habit of not
explaining things very well.
It's something I
need to work on.
Oh, I wouldn't let it worry you.
We all have our bad
habits, after all.
But the closest of these can
be the hardest to detect.
For example, an enemy that's
already covering your body.
Like that robe you've
got on right now.
Huh?
While you were cavorting
with the Holy Soldiers,
I re-tailored it
using a very special fabric
of my own design.
(Nianzol groans)
What is this?
What have you done?
I made a fine robe,
tailored just for you.
You should feel honored
that a foot solider like
you even gets to wear it.
And what's more, you won't
have to take it off again
till you're dead.
Oh dear, we were just talking
about bad habits, weren't we?
Forgetting to take
out my sewing needles,
that's one bad habit
I can't seem to break.
Now I'm the one who
should apologize
for not explaining how
absent minded I am.
(Ganju groans)
I gotta say,
this whole thing's turned
into one hell of a mess.
I thought for sure the Soul
Reapers were gonna win this war.
After building such
a big, fancy castle,
I can't believe they'd
just abandon it.
And what the hell is
this Yhwach guy thinking?
So tell us, what should we
know about the Royal Palace?
Don't ask me.
I've never even been
near the place, myself.
But I thought you said
you're like the world's
greatest expert on anything
to do with the Royal Palace.
Oh, I am.
Sis told me everything
there is to know about it.
I'm just a little
hazy on the details.
-Well, that's a big help.
-(Orihime chuckles)
(Ganju laughs)
They're invading
the Royal Palace,
that means they're
after the Soul King.
The Soul King?
[Yoruichi] He's a godlike being
that reigns over all the worlds,
the Soul Society, the
World of the Living,
and Hueco Mundo.
I've only heard
stories of him though.
I've never actually met him.
A god, so is that
what Yhwach's trying
to make himself into?
Hey, yeah, that must be it.
(Orihime chuckles)
Would it even be possible
to replace the Soul King?
While training at
the Royal Palace,
I kept on seeing these images.
The Soul King is supposed
to be the foundation
of everything that
makes the world work,
an entity that
can't be replaced.
[Ganju] Then what could
the enemy's objective be?
[Ichigo] How the
hell should I know?
[Ganju] Well, we've
come this far.
Whatever it is that
Quincy scumbag is after,
we just have to kick his ass!
[Ichigo] You got that right.
This kind of brings back
memories, doesn't it?
Of the time we went on
that raid to rescue Rukia.
Yoruichi was still
a cat back then,
-and...
-(dramatic music)
Uryu was still with us.
Do you think Uryu will
ever come back to us?
[Ichigo] Of course he will.
Huh?
We're gonna take down
Yhwach once and for all.
And while we're there, we'll
slap some sense into Uryu.
That's the plan, right?
I mean, Uryu's secondary.
(Orihime chuckles)
[Orihime] Sounds good!
[Senjumaru] Now then,
with him gone it would
seem that our blades
should finally be
able to reach you.
[Yhwach] You think so, do you?
What do you think,
my Royal Guards?
-Well, she's wrong, obviously.
-(dramatic music)
How about that?
Looks like I was
the only one worthy
of being summoned up
from the battlefield.
Guess I'd better
give a good showing.
Yeah, that's right,
because if it turns
out you're useless,
I'll gladly cut your
head off myself.
[Nakk Le Vaar] I wouldn't want
that after surviving this long.
Now woman, let's see your
bony arms stop my sword!
Soul King's Shield,
I summon you!
Stop these intruders!
Wow, you're a big one.
What was that?
I didn't catch what you said.
He said, the bigger they
are, the harder they fall.
You're finally
starting to realize
the Royal Place will fall.
It's too late, the losing
side is always too late
in grasping the situation.
That's why they lose.
The Royal Palace
has already fallen.
It fell the moment
His Majesty arrived.
(dramatic music)
(bones cracking)
That seemed too easy.
Is that really all
Squad Zero's got?
Has there ever been an
opponent we've faced
that didn't seem too easy?
(gun shots firing)
Everything that once stood
in our way has fallen.
After you, Your Majesty.
What's happening?
The Royal Palace is...
Where are we?
What in the hell's going on?
This is a false Royal Palace,
a decoy to lure you
and your master in.
It seems to have
done its job well.
The real one's been
hidden up there by Osho.
Aw, now look what you've done.
Why did you give it away?
Unless that means, the
Cage is finally ready.
What the?
[Kirio] Yes, yes, yes.
I told you I'd have it ready.
But it's been a while
since I've had to
construct a womb this big,
so believe you me,
it wasn't easy.
(dramatic music)
Oh dear, what do they
have in store for us now?
Curse them and all
of their tricks.
(gun shots)
(branches snapping)
Even multiple hits to the
same spot can't pierce it.
If I try to shoot past it,
a branch grows to
block the shot.
(laughs) Your X-Axis
out whack today, Lille?
Oh, your hits pierced it.
Manipulating food means
manipulating life.
When I cook, I'm shaping lives.
So I'm very particular about
what goes into my cooking.
All the ingredients I use
come from my own body.
This tree bears fruit by feeding
on my Spiritual Pressure.
Your bullets are composed of
highly concentrated Reishi,
aren't they?
Well, to this Tree of Life,
that's like supper and dessert
all rolled into one.
The more of your
bullets it consumes,
the faster the tree grows.
Struggle and flail away
to your heart's content.
Even with all your powers,
you can't escape
the Cage of Life.
Wait, don't give up just yet,
you dirty uninvited guests!
(water splashing)
Squad Zero First Officer,
as well as the Holy
Guardian of the East.
Also known as Hot Spring
Demon, Tenjiro Kirinji.
Squad Zero Fourth Officer,
Holy Guardian of the North,
The Great Weaver,
Senjumaru Shutara.
Squad Zero's Second Officer,
Holy Guardian of the South,
Grain King, Kirio
Hikifune's the name.
Ay, yo!
It's the one and only
original Zanpakuto Creator!
Yes, that's right,
Oh-Etsu Nimaiya,
the OG Blade God
is in the house!
And that means,
you losers ain't got no
more path to walk on.
So like, yo, come on.
Come and get us already.
This right here is where Squad
Zero's real fight begins.
Damn, maybe it's 'cause I
haven't drawn this sucker
in a while, but
it sure be wobbly.
Don't ya think?
Nicely dodged.
Yeah, well, I didn't
know if you were trying
to give me a hug or what, man.
You wish!
Well, the next attack-
Is gonna be mine.
(dramatic music)
Huh?
Wait, you're kidding me.
Yo, you really don't know who
you're messing with, do you?
Let's try this again.
I'm the one and only
original Zanpakuto Creator,
Oh-Etsu Nimaiya, the baddest
damn badass in all Squad Zero.
It won't take me more
than a single stroke
to kill you with this sword.
[Lille] You've got
a strange technique.
[Oh-Etsu] Huh,
why'd you say that?
Because it's a
trick, it has to be.
That sword's been soaking
in that jelly-like goo.
It's in such bad shape,
the blade's wobbling.
No way it could kill Gerard.
What did you just do?
Nothing.
I just held it up like this.
And your deadeye shot was
so right on the money,
it got cut in two.
You did all the work.
(gun shots)
(intense music)
Ay yo, smart move, hurling
yourself backwards like that
to make me think I got you.
And you wouldn't have done that
if you hadn't realized just
how sharp this thing is, right?
You saw right through me.
Yo, this Sayafushi
was a total flop.
The blade's too sharp
and it's too smooth.
It never loses its edge
no matter how much
I cut with it.
It's gonna put swordsmiths
like me out of business.
And worst of all, I
can't create a sheath
that can hold the damn thing.
Since this sucker didn't
cut it as a complete sword,
I can't be sending it down
to the Seireitei now, can I?
Anyway, glad you guys
stormed the Royal Palace.
Gave me a chance to take this
sword out for a test spin.
Yo, Y.H, really
appreciate it, bro.
(dramatic music)
(all gasp)
Well, what do you know,
you have the power
to escape the womb, huh?
Impressive, I must say.
Gotta hand it to the king,
that was most definitely dope.
Aren't you going
after His Majesty?
I should be asking you
guys the same question.
I know Osho must be
up there somewhere,
I can smell him from here.
Even my hot springs can't
wash off that stench.
He sure does like to
talk trash about me
when he thinks I'm not around.
What are you thoughts on that?
You will let me
pass, Ichibe Hyosube.
(chuckle)
I've warned you many times,
and yet you still speak
that name so lightly.
You've only got yourself to
blame if you lose your voice.
(amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
[Ichibe] The Future,
Pitch Black,
Upside Down.
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)